Now that Peta has completed the XYZ Company project charter draft, she needs to evaluate the project’s stakeholders so she has a better idea of how to interact with each one as the project progresses. Each stakeholder has their own unique interests and involvement with the project, so it's important to determine the best ways to manage them, approach negotiations, and keep them informed of the project’s progress.


Project Team Bios:
MMM, Owner: MMM is the owner and CEO of XYZ Company, and opened the first XYZ Company five years ago. Today he’s the manager of the XYZ Company restaurant group, which has multiple locations, and maintains an incredibly busy schedule. As the owner and CEO, Omar is responsible for the overall direction, profitability, and reputation of the restaurant group. He is the most senior stakeholder at XYZ Company and supports initiatives aimed at advancing the restaurant’s mission and vision.

AAA, Director of Operations: Coming from hedge fund management, Deanna’s style is to dive into projects and work directly with the people involved. She leads the vision for XYZ Company initiatives and has high expectations for excellence. As director of operations, Deanna is responsible for daily communication across different teams, and ultimately for ensuring that ingredients are sourced with integrity at each location. She also oversees the restaurant managers and works with them on interviewing, hiring, and training new employees.

BBB, Executive Chef: Carter started his career as a military chef. He has worked hard to bring his vision for XYZ Company’s sustainable sourcing and scratch-to-table cuisine to life. As executive chef, Carter is the visionary and has the final say on all menu choices. He runs a tight kitchen and is responsible for overseeing all other chefs employed by the restaurant.

CCC, General Manager (North): CCC manages XYZ Company’s business district location. She has been in the restaurant business for her whole career, starting as a waitress. The staff love and respect her down-to-earth personality. She’s a great resource for training and providing input on general restaurant operations. As general manager, Gilly is responsible for hiring and training the North location restaurant staff, ordering all the restaurant’s supplies, and talking to customers to ensure that they are happy with their service.

DDD, General Manager (Downtown): DDD manages XYZ Company’s bustling downtown location. They are somewhat new to the role, having come from retail management at a large home improvement chain. But they've adapted quickly to the restaurant industry, largely due to the quality of Gilly’s training. As general manager, Alex is responsible for hiring and training the Downtown location restaurant staff, ordering all the restaurant’s supplies, and talking to customers to ensure that they are happy with their service.

EEE, General Manager (Waterfront): EEE began her restaurant career in high school as a hostess, and continued to work her way up to management during college. Before taking the general manager position at XYZ Company, she tended bar at a luxury hotel. She’s passionate about the restaurant industry and works hard to support her staff and the overall success of the company. Nia is responsible for hiring and training the Waterfront location restaurant staff, ordering all the restaurant’s supplies, and talking to customers to ensure that they are happy with their service.

FFF, Kitchen Manager (North): FFF was a sous chef before becoming kitchen manager. They’re excited for the opportunity, but are still learning the ropes—mostly from Larissa. As kitchen manager, Zane is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day back of house operations and administrative tasks at the North location. They are also responsible for controlling costs and managing labor.

HHH, Kitchen Manager (Downtown): HHH is fairly new to XYZ Company, but  in her last position she managed a fast-paced kitchen at a Michelin-star restaurant in New York City. She loves the excitement of restaurant work, and keeps a close eye on operations. As kitchen manager, Larissa is responsible for overseeing the day-to-day back of house operations and administrative tasks at the Downtown location. She is also responsible for controlling costs and managing labor.

KKK, Restaurant Technology Consultant: KKK has a background in tech support and recently transitioned to a consulting role for the restaurant industry. This is his first major project, so he’s excited to see the launch—and to prove himself to his boss. As a restaurant technology consultant, Seydou helps restaurants like XYZ Company implement cost-effective, easy-to-use, integrated technology systems. He determines client needs, highlights where technology can streamline processes and improve the guest experience, and then designs and implements appropriate solutions.

