Being a Project Manager at ABC Company, a commercial landscaping company that specializes in plants and greenery for offices and other businesses. The company is getting ready to introduce its new Plant Pals service, and you will manage the launch. You and your team need to maintain trust and generate buy-in from your stakeholders. Some of your stakeholders include:

Director of Product: The Director of Product is the project sponsor. As the sponsor, they fully support the project, sign off on high-level decisions, and sometimes act as a resource for the team. They are deeply invested in the outcome of the project, but less involved with its day-to-day operations.

Landscape Designer/Web Designer: This person has two roles at ABC Company, and within the Plant Pals project. In addition to their web design skills and knowledge of plants, they have strong relationships with a range of people across the company. The Plant Pals project could affect their role as Landscape Designer if it results in a pivot toward new services. If they don’t want their role to change, it could be harder to get their buy-in.

Existing clients and their employees: The core customers for this product launch are ABC Company’s existing clients and their employees. Their feedback can help ABC Company improve the customer experience for the new service. Depending on their needs, some clients will be very interested in Plant Pals, while others will be less so. Lower-interest clients are unlikely to resist the project unless it impacts the existing product line.

ABC Company’s investors: The investors support ABC Company financially, so the company wants to keep them happy. Likewise, because ABC Company’s performance affects their investments, the investors want Plant Pals to succeed. However, they will not be directly involved in the project and it will not affect them before launch. They are therefore unlikely to oppose the project at this stage.

ABC Company’s receptionist: The receptionist will not be directly involved with the Plant Pals project. They will need to answer customer questions about the service later on, but don’t need to know many details until closer to launch. They have no major concerns about the project at this stage.
