his part of the project involves working with the operations team to develop and implement an Operations and Training plan for the new service. 

As a reminder, here is a review of the Operations and Training plan:

Your team will use the plan for ongoing maintenance of the Plant Pals service.

It will take six months to fully implement all protocols, including setting up operational tools, putting delivery processes in place, and training employees.

The project will begin before the Plant Pals launch and extend beyond it.

Your team for this stage of the project includes the following roles:

A Financial Analyst, who tracks and calculates costs and revenue

A Fulfillment Director, who sources materials, confirms fulfillment processes are correctly implemented, and ensures equipment is functional (with the help of the Quality Assurance Tester)

An Inventory Manager, who maintains inventory and oversees software installation 

A Human Resources Specialist, who manages hiring and develops training protocols (with the help of the Training Manager)

A Training Manager, who reports to the HR Specialist, runs the training program on the established protocols, and refines training processes

A Quality Assurance Tester, who ensures product quality and determines safety protocols and best practices  

There are three major milestones and associated tasks for the Operations and Training plan:

Milestone 1: Establish a plant delivery and logistics plan

Source packaging materials. This task will take 10 business days (March 1st to March 12th).

Hire delivery drivers. This process will also take ten business days (March 15th to March 26th).

Calculate the delivery fees. This task will also take 10 business days (March 29th to April 9th). 

Milestone 2: Select and install supply chain software and equipment

Supervise vendor setup of inventory management and fulfillment software. This process will take three business days (April 12th to April 14th). 

Supervise vendor installation of the fulfillment equipment from April 15th to April 16th (two business days). 

Determine internal safety protocols for the equipment from April 19th to April 30th (10 business days). 

Milestone 3: Develop and launch an employee training program

Develop training sessions. This task will take 10 business days (May 3rd to May 14th).

Train employees to use the software and equipment. The training sessions will take place over 10 business days (May 17th to May 28th). 

Monitor employee progress and improve training processes. This process will last for 10 business days (May 31st to June 11th).

Your goal is to put all of this information into a Gantt chart, so your team can tell who owns what tasks, when each task is due, and how long the overall project will take.