As part of the ABC Company Operations and Training plan, your team will need to organize and host trainings for employees. You want to make sure that a majority of employees are properly trained to use the new software and equipment before sending the first round of ABC Company test batches to customers. Because your employees will need to learn several different processes, training sessions will take place over a period of ten days. Your team has just over three weeks to prepare before the sessions begin.

As the ABC Company project manager, you will work with your team to plan and execute the preparations for the training sessions. One of your tasks is to build a communication plan, which should include:

What you need to communicate (the goal of the communication)

Who needs to communicate

When information-sharing needs to happen

Why and how to communicate with everyone involved

As you begin planning the training sessions, you identify the key teams and stakeholders who will need to communicate about the event:

Core Team: Your core project team will lead the planning and task coordination. These tasks include communicating with stakeholders, preparing the schedule, reserving space and equipment, training the employees, and more.

The team members who are directly involved in organizing the trainings include:

An Administrative Coordinator who is responsible for scheduling and communicating with other ABC Company teams (e.g., Facilities)

A Human Resources Specialist who manages hiring and develops training protocols (with the help of the Training Manager)

A Training Manager who reports to the HR Specialist, runs the training program on the established protocols, and refines training processes

The other members of your core project team (the Financial Analyst, Fulfillment Director, Quality Assurance Tester, and Inventory Manager) will attend team meetings and are available to pitch in if you need them.

Additional stakeholders with whom your team needs to communicate include:

Software and Equipment Vendor: Members of your team will need to meet with the vendor to learn about the software and equipment so they can create an effective training plan for employees. The team members responsible for creating and running the training program should organize and attend this meeting. Your team should allow adequate time to learn about new processes and ask follow-up questions. This meeting must take place before the end of the vendor’s SoW.

Human Resources: The Human Resources department can help your team as they develop the training plan. They will also provide support during the training sessions. Your team will want to communicate with them regularly (but not daily) and on an as-needed basis. The HR Specialist on your team is the point of contact for the rest of HR.

Facilities: Facilities will reserve and manage the spaces and equipment needed for the training sessions. They will need to review the schedule and understand your needs for each session ahead of time. A member of your team needs to keep them updated and informed of any changes to requirements.

Print Shop: The vendor who will install the software and equipment is also creating training manuals for your team. One of your team members will need to coordinate with the print shop to make copies of the manuals for each training.

ABC Company employees: You will also need to coordinate with the employees who need to be trained! A member of your team should tell them where they should arrive, where they should go, what they need to bring, and communicate other necessary details. The same team member will also need to conduct the sessions and solicit feedback from employees through a post-training survey.

Your ABC Company Manager: Your manager wants to be kept informed of your team’s progress but doesn't need to know every detail. They can also be a helpful resource for the planning process, if necessary. You already communicate with them regularly, so you can update them at one of your weekly meetings. 

Senior Leadership: Your manager asks you to let senior leadership know about the outcome of the trainings (and to copy them when you do so). The Director of Operations and the Director of Product (the project sponsor) want to be kept informed but don’t have much time for meetings.

